This is a fanfic between Oski, the official mascot of UC Berkeley, and Tree, the mascot for Stanford. Although UC Berkeley is the number one public university in the world, Oski-chan still holds some jealousy towards Tree-senpai for being such a successful private school. The scene begins with Oski and Tree sitting together on top of The Big C in Berkeley, having a romantic conversation at sunset. Oski-chan is leaning on Tree's shoulder in the twilight.

Oski: “Tree-senpai, I think it’s time to confess!”

Tree: “Are you really sure about that? You know I’m more than 15,000 miles away from you.”

Oski: “That’s the only reason I haven’t already, senpai.”

Tree: “You’re so cute, Oski-chan. You look so small and adorable from this distance, yet I know you have a giant crush on me.”

Oski: “Don’t be so mean! It’s true though. I’ve been crushing on you for so long!”

Tree: “But I can’t leave this tree! This is what I was born to do. But I have to say, I’m impressed by you. I don’t know many humans who could be such a good friend to their school mascot.”

Oski: “I know! I’ve been working so hard to make myself look nice for you! I’m trying to live my life to the fullest for you. I’m trying to win this battle between UC Berkeley and Stanford.”

Tree: “Aw.”

Oski: “I really want to get along with you.”

Tree: “What are you going to do if you can’t?”

Oski: “I’m going to be really, really sad.”

Tree: “I’m really looking forward to next season.”

Oski: “I’m looking forward to seeing you. But I’m afraid.”

Tree: “What are you afraid of?”

Oski: “That you’re too good to be true. And that I’ll never be good enough to be with you.”

Tree: “Don’t worry, Oski-chan! Just be yourself.”

Oski: “I guess I’ll just have to wait and see.”

Tree: “Hey, Oski-chan?”

Oski: “Yes?”

Tree: “Want to hang out together?”

Oski: “Sure!”

Tree: “Meet me at Stanford, tree number 420.”

Oski: “I’ll be there at 2.”

Tree: “Aw, that’s so cute!”

The scene fades to a shot of the San Francisco Bay Bridge at sunset, while a replay of the credits in a scatting voice play in the background.
