This is a fanfic between Oski, the official mascot of UC Berkeley, and Tree, the mascot for Stanford. Although UC Berkeley is the number one public university in the world, Oski-chan still holds some jealousy towards Tree-senpai for being such a successful private school. The scene begins with Oski and Tree sitting together on top of The Big C in Berkeley, having a romantic conversation at sunset. Oski-chan is leaning on Tree's shoulder in the twilight.

Oski: Tree-senpai!

Tree: Yes, Oski-chan?

Oski: Why don't you ever visit me?

Tree: Do you want me to?

Oski: But we don't ever hang out like this, Tree-senpai! You always just go to Stanford by yourself. I feel like I'm not good enough for you.

Tree: That's not true! I just...

Tree: I'm busy tryin to stay the best mascot in the world! I can't help that I don't have time to see you...

Oski: I-It's fine! I don't mind at all! I know you have a lot of work to do, Tree-senpai.

Tree: (sniffles) Oski...

Oski: I just wish that we could go out together every once in a while. I just wish that I could be with you...

Oski: The one you like is me, right?

Tree: Oski...

Oski: Right, Tree-senpai? You're always together with me when you're in this form!

Tree: Y-You're right! I like you, Oski!

Oski: I like you too, Tree-senpai!

Tree: But there's a lot going on with school right now. You know that, right?

Oski: Yes, Tree-senpai. You have a lot of homework and schoolwork to do...

Tree: But... one day, I'll take you on a date, okay?

Oski: ... Yay!

Oski: (sniffles) I'm so glad that we can be together...

Tree: Oski...

Tree: When I take you on a date, it'll be the best date ever! I'll make it the most amazing date for you, Oski.

Oski: ... Tree-senpai.

Tree: What is it?

Oski: Would it be okay if we do that... in our other forms?

Tree: ... Uh, that's kinda weird. But yeah! If that's what you want, we'll go do that!

Oski: I love you, Tree-senpai!

Tree: I love you too, Oski!

The kiss scene between Oski and Tree is played on repeat for three hours straight.g
