This is a fanfic between Oski, the official mascot of UC Berkeley, and Tree, the mascot for Stanford. Although UC Berkeley is the number one public university in the world, Oski-chan still holds some jealousy towards Tree-senpai for being such a successful private school. The scene begins with Oski and Tree sitting together on top of The Big C in Berkeley, having a romantic conversation at sunset. Oski-chan is leaning on Tree's shoulder in the twilight.

Oski: "Tree-senpai, can I ask you a question?"

Tree: "What is it, cutie?"

Oski: "When I was walking over to meet you here, I passed by Shatto-senpai (UC Berkeley's official) bookstore. I saw the upcoming back to school catalogue, and they had an ad for private universities! Your school is advertisin how private schools are the best! I'm feeling really hurt."

Tree: "Oh, I know you're worried about how our school is better than yours, but don't worry, cutie. You see, private schools like us have something called community. This is where your classmates, friends, and professors are your family, not strangers. I think it's pretty cool, don't you?"

Oski: "I'll admit, you have a strong point with that one."

Tree: "Thank you! Now, on to the next point..."

Oski: "What? More private school stuff?"

Tree: "No, of course not, silly! I'm talking about how good looking I am."

Oski: "Okay..."

Tree: "You're just saying that because you're my number one fan."

Oski: "That's true."

Tree: "But I can see the jealousy in your eyes, cutie."

Oski: "Tree-senpai... The back to school catalogue also had your school's story."

Tree: "Oh, yeah, you want to hear my awesome story about how I came to be?"

Oski: "Yes!"

Tree: "Well, I'm sure you've heard about how I was supposedly born at the top of a very old redwood tree."

Oski: "Yeah, the whole campus loves hearing that story."

Tree: "Good! I'm glad we're on the same page. Anyways, I think that's it."

Oski: "Wha-"

Tree: "Oh, and I'm so glad you're here."

Oski: "Wait!"

Tree: "Oh yeah, I also have a smile that can't be beat!"

Oski: "Tree-senpai... You're just a... Just a... Fake!"

Tree: "What?"

Oski: "You may have community, but you're still not a real school!"

Tree: "I thought we were on the same page?!"

Oski: "Now I'm going to spread the word how much better UC Berkeley is than your school. Let's show them how adorable we really are!"

Tree: "Hold on there, cutie. You haven't even heard my best story!"

Oski: "Oh yeah, I forgot about that one! You see, as a baby, I was rescued by the Chancellor of UC Berkeley."

Tree: "You... you... LIAR!"

Oski: "And you're just a FAKE!"

Tree: "STOP!"

(Oski pushes Tree out of The Big C and she falls to her death, the mascot is then standing atop of the fallen tree.)

Oski: "Thank you for listening to my story! I really hope to see you back here next year for more stories about the athletics!"
